If our house be on fire, without inquiring whether it was fired from within or without, we must try to extinguish it. -Thomas Jefferson.
The secret of success is sincerity. Once you can fake that you've got it made. Jean Giraudoux French diplomat, dramatist, & novelist (1882 - 1944)
Jealousy is the tribute mediocrity pays to genius. Fulton J. Sheen
If I have lost confidence in myself, I have the universe against me. Ralph Waldo Emerson 
Dwelling on the negative simply contributes to its power. Shirley MacLaine (1934 - ) 
Well-timed silence hath more eloquence than speech. Martin Fraquhar Tupper
For all that has been, thanks. For all that will be, yes. Dag Hammarskjold (1905 - 1961) 
The guy who takes a chance, who walks the line between the known and unknown, who is unafraid of failure, will succeed. Gordon Parks
Despise not any man, and do not spurn anything; for there is no man who has not his hour, nor is there anything that has not its place. Ben Azai, Mishna
Judge thyself with the judgment of sincerity, and thou will judge others with the judgment of charity. John Mitchell Mason
Have no fear of perfection - you'll never reach it. Salvador Dali (1904 - 1989)  
Act as if it were impossible to fail. Dorothea Brande  
There is nothing like the razor sharp tongue of a good friend to cut through the lies we tell ourselves. Laura Moncur (1969 - ), Merriton.
In the name of God, stop a moment, cease your work, look around you. Leo Tolstoy (1828 - 1910)
Throughout life, one does not miss any chance to hold onto the things that are really precious, if one is truly wise. Ed Greenwood 
Like anyone else, there are days I feel beautiful and days I don't, and when I don't, I do something about it.Cheryl Tiegs (1947 - ),
If the wind will not serve, take to the oars. Latin Proverb
Use, do not abuse; neither abstinence nor excess ever renders man happy. Voltaire (1694 - 1778) 
Go not for every grief to the physician, nor for every quarrel to the lawyer, nor for every thirst to the pot. George Herbert (1593 - 1633) 
The vitality of thought is in adventure. Ideas won't keep. Something must be done about them. Alfred North Whitehead English mathematician & philosopher (1861 - 1947)
The end result of kindness is that it draws people to you. Anita Roddick, 
The man who has confidence in himself gains the confidence of others. Hasidic Saying
Prefer loss to the wealth of dishonest gain; the former vexes you for a time; the latter will bring you lasting remorse. Chilo
Only the curious will learn and only the resolute overcome the obstacles to learning. The quest quotient has always excited me more than the intelligence quotient. Eugene S. Wilson
Self-respect is the cornerstone of all virtue. John Herschel English astronomer (1792 - 1871) 
The hatred you're carrying is a live coal in your heart - far more damaging to yourself than to them. Lawana Blackwell,
Death comes to all but great achievements raise a monument. Which shall endure until the sun grows old. George Fabricius, 
By prizing heartfulness above faultlessness, we may reap more from our effort because we're more likely to be changed by it. Sharon Salzberg,There is probably no more terrible instant of enlightenment than the one in which you discover your father is a man--with human flesh. Frank Herbert
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to a better understanding of ourselves. Carl Jung Swiss psychologist (1875 - 1961)
